README.md, before:

## Typescript & Docker

This is a project to get up and running with building a docker application with Typescript.

# Installation

You must have Docker installed locally.

`docker -v`

Once docker is installed, install the packages:

`yarn install`

# Environment

The development environment uses `ts-node` and `nodemon` to serve locally. You store the variables in the `.env.development` file, which are loaded via `dotenv`

The different required variables for these files can be found in the `modules.d.ts` file.

In production, you can either specify the the path of your environment variables with Docker's `--env-file` flag, or pass each variable individually via the `-e` flag. The mandatory environment variables are still contained in the `modules.d.ts` file.

# Development

After configuring your `.env.development` file, run `yarn dev` which will spin up nodemon with ts-node.

# Production

Build your Docker image. You can then pass the required environment variables from a `.env.production` file on your server with the following command:

`docker run -it --env-file .env.production -p 3000:3000 name-of-image`

Commit message:

changed to port 80 and added new docker run command in README

README.md, after:

## Typescript & Docker

This is a project to get up and running with building a docker application with Typescript.

# Installation

You must have Docker installed locally.

`docker -v`

Once docker is installed, install the packages:

`yarn install`

# Environment

The development environment uses `ts-node` and `nodemon` to serve locally. You store the variables in the `.env.development` file, which are loaded via `dotenv`

The different required variables for these files can be found in the `modules.d.ts` file.

In production, you can either specify the the path of your environment variables with Docker's `--env-file` flag, or pass each variable individually via the `-e` flag. The mandatory environment variables are still contained in the `modules.d.ts` file.

# Development

After configuring your `.env.development` file, run `yarn dev` which will spin up nodemon with ts-node.

# Production

Build your Docker image. You can then pass the required environment variables from a `.env.production` file on your server with the following command:

`docker run -p:80:3000 --env-file .env.production -dit --name ts-docker kingofcramers/typescript-docker:lite`

This command exposes the container's port 3000 to your port 80, passes the .env.production file to configure the server (presumably on port 3000), and runs the application in detached interactive mode and gives you access to the terminal, and names it "ts-docker"
